remove a special case in sigmatch; distinct pointer types no longer match `nil` type (#20251)
nim-lang/Nim: changelog.md

- `nimPreviewDotLikeOps` is going to be removed or deprecated.

> - distinct pointer types no longer match `nil` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nil` is no longer a valid value for distinct pointer types.
```
